Update startup stack architecture page by adding Neon database (#4656)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/example-scenario/startups/core-startup-stack-content.md

In this core startup stack architecture:

- [Azure App Service](/azure/app-service/overview) provides a simple app server to deploy scalable applications without configuring servers, load balancers, or other infrastructure.  App Service supports container deployments as in the example here, and also supports container-less deployments for ASP.NET, ASP.NET Core, Java, Ruby, Node.js, PHP, or Python.

> - [Azure Database for PostgreSQL](/azure/postgresql/overview) is an Azure database service for a leading open-source relational database management system (RDBMS). You can concentrate on developing your application rather than managing database servers.  Azure also has managed database services for [SQL](/azure/azure-sql/database/sql-database-paas-overview), [MySQL](/azure/mysql/overview), [MariaDB](/azure/mariadb/overview), [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/mongodb-on-azure), [Neon Serverless Postgres](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/apps/neon1722366567200.neon_serverless_postgres_azure_prod?tab=overview), [Apache Cassandra](/azure/cosmos-db/cassandra/introduction), [Gremlin](/azure/cosmos-db/gremlin/introduction) and [Redis](/azure/azure-cache-for-redis/cache-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- [Azure Database for PostgreSQL](/azure/postgresql/overview) is an Azure database service for a leading open-source relational database management system (RDBMS). You can concentrate on developing your application rather than managing database servers.

  Azure also has managed database services for [SQL](/azure/azure-sql/database/sql-database-paas-overview), [MySQL](/azure/mysql/overview), [MariaDB](/azure/mariadb/overview), [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/mongodb-on-azure), [Apache Cassandra](/azure/cosmos-db/cassandra/introduction), [Gremlin](/azure/cosmos-db/gremlin/introduction) and [Redis](/azure/azure-cache-for-redis/cache-overview).

  In addition to managed offerings, the Azure Marketplace databases used in startup architecture as well, such as [Neon Serverless Postgres](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/marketplace/apps/neon1722366567200.neon_serverless_postgres_azure_prod).

```

Reviewer: Please add two more _start-up common_ databases to the Azure Marketplace list. List them alphabetically.

Author: > Please add two more _start-up common_ databases to the Azure Marketplace list. List them alphabetically.

@ckittel Thanks for the feedback! Sure, I will commit this suggestion.

Author: Yes, I made the proposed change. Or do you want me to add any specific examples?

Author: Ah, got it now! Let me add them acccordingly.

Author: Could you check if the updated list makes sense?

Reviewer: > List them alphabetically.

Author: Ah, apologize! Done!
